.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH rustsweep 1  "rustsweep 0.1.4" 
.SH NAME
rustsweep \- Frees disk space by cleaning the build artifacts of every Rust project under a directory, including the stray build dirs `cargo clean` can\*(Aqt reach.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrustsweep\fR [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-path\fR] [\fB\-L\fR|\fB\-\-follow\-symlinks\fR] [\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-max\-depth\fR] [\fB\-\-ignore\fR] [\fB\-y\fR|\fB\-\-yes\fR] [\fB\-\-orphans\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-show\-size\fR] [\fB\-\-keep\-days\fR] [\fB\-\-keep\-size\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Frees disk space by cleaning the build artifacts of every Rust project under a directory, including the stray build dirs `cargo clean` can\*(Aqt reach.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-path\fR \fI<PATH>\fR [default: .]
Sets the starting directory for the search
.TP
\fB\-L\fR, \fB\-\-follow\-symlinks\fR
Follow symlinked directories while searching (off by default so the search can\*(Aqt escape the tree; a cycle guard and \-\-max\-depth bound the traversal)
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-max\-depth\fR \fI<DEPTH>\fR
Limit how many directory levels below the search root to descend
.TP
\fB\-\-ignore\fR \fI<PATTERN>\fR
Never scan (or clean) anything matching this .gitignore\-style pattern: a bare name (`vendor`) matches at any depth, anything else is a glob matched against the full path (`~/Code/*/target`). Repeatable; adds to the config file\*(Aqs `ignore` list rather than replacing it
.TP
\fB\-y\fR, \fB\-\-yes\fR
Clean everything found without prompting for a yes or a no. Command\-line only — this one can\*(Aqt be set in the config file
.TP
\fB\-\-orphans\fR
Also remove Cargo build dirs that aren\*(Aqt inside any discovered project (e.g. left over from `cargo build \-\-target\-dir <dir>`)
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Show what would be cleaned without deleting anything or prompting
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
List the projects that `cargo metadata` could not read
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-show\-size\fR
Show each build dir\*(Aqs size before you decide (and a freed\-space total). Measuring walks every target, so this is slower than a normal run
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-days\fR \fI<DAYS>\fR
Keep (don\*(Aqt clean) build dirs touched within the last N days; only clean ones untouched for longer. Protects projects you\*(Aqre actively building
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-size\fR \fI<SIZE>\fR
Only clean build dirs at least this large; keep smaller ones. Accepts units, e.g. 500MB, 1GiB (1024\-based). Measuring sizes walks each target, so this is slower than a normal run
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH EXTRA
Defaults for these options can be set in ~/.config/rustsweep/config.toml (a command\-line flag always wins). That file also holds the global ignore list; \-\-ignore adds to it rather than replacing it.
.SH VERSION
v0.1.4
